do you feel marketing is complex trust
me you're not alone but there's actually
good news for you
hey everyone i'm neil patel and today
i'm gonna break down the best marketing
strategy and how it's often the simplest
and here's why
before we get started make sure you
subscribe to this channel and if you're
on youtube make sure you click the alert
notification a lot of people reach out
to me saying hey neil i have this new
product right new service i create a
strategy that covers all the social
media channels all the google seo even
google paid and bing and i'm running ads
on these three different platforms and
i'll be doing content marketing and more
seo for this huge list of keywords that
we want to target
and you know what blows me away
is the fact that they're thinking
they'll be able to do all of that as
they start selling a new product which
in of itself is a big challenge
but the truth is your chance of being
successful when you're doing too many
things at the same time is very slim
now i want you to leave a comment below
tell me how many things you're doing at
the same time when it comes to marketing
if you're doing seo and social media
that counts as two if you're using
social media on facebook instagram
linkedin twitter that counts as a
handful four or five i don't know how
many i named but you get the point so
list out in the comment below how many
marketing tasks are you focusing on
right now and let me know in the comment
if you also feel overwhelmed or you're
able to manage it that way we can see
how other marketers feel in
entrepreneurs and what is best and i'll
also break down what's best in this
video
so chances are if your marketing
strategy is full of bells and whistles
you're going to fail
especially if you're starting out with a
new website new product new service new
offer and you don't have people work for
you the best marketing strategy is
probably the simplest marketing strategy
so how do you scale up marketing efforts
in the real world
you do one experiment at a time
and then you scale up it really is that
simple
once you've done that
and it works well
and you've scaled it up and that's the
key you've scaled it up you're getting
it to a place where it's doing well
enough
then you explore other marketing
channels and experiments until then you
stick with that one channel if you can't
make that channel work then you can skip
to another channel but once you find
that one that works somewhat well
not just
focus on it but scale it up
your primary focus when you're starting
out should be perfecting your offer
if an offer works well in one channel
chances are you can scale to other
channels especially with paid ads
if an offer is failing repeatedly
everywhere and you're testing it
you don't want to try to scale it up you
need to iterate until you find an angle
that your audience resonates with and
that's the big mistake people make they
believe oh i'm selling shoes i'm selling
watches let me just scale things up and
get it going how do you know people like
your product well let's say they do like
your product or even if they like your
service how do you know your messaging
resonates with them how do you know that
they like your checkout flow how do you
know that they understand what your
product or service looks like by the
images or through case studies or
testimonials
you got to actually iterate your offer
and make it convert before you scale up
the marketing
and that's why when you're starting off
you should focus on one channel and get
it going
if you're not sure which channel to
focus on first i highly recommend
starting off with paid ads i'm not
saying you need tons of money i'm not
saying you should spend thousands of
dollars a week or a month paid ads will
give you really quick insights if you
can actually drive conversions it may
not be profitable at first and that's
okay but if you know it converts you're
good to go and then you can figure out
what marketing channel works best for
you see if you start with seo on a brand
new website
you won't know for six months
how you're performing and you're not
even gonna be ranked number one in most
cases within six months
but if you do paid ads you'll get a
rough understanding of your copy your
product your service resonates with your
audience and that's the important part
and that's the part that most people
forget in marketing when they're
starting off and that's what i want you
to focus on early on yeah you may not
consider that marketing but it's
important because without that marketing
doesn't really work and once you figure
that out just pick one channel scale it
up and then go add the next
if you need help with your marketing we
have a
smb agency that focuses on startups make
sure you check out np digital where we
work with companies of all sizes big and
small we treat everyone very fairly
check us out and if you enjoy the video
like it share it tell other people about
it thank you for watching